

The house had been empty for a long time. Gurag didn't like the empty house, no-one to take to take care of. Noone to notice if he sweeped up the dust in the hard-to-reach corners of the shelves. No one to care if he shoed the spiders back outside. Even if he grew to the size of a person and cleaned the house for real, or fixed the leaky drain pipe, or turned the heater on in winter, there would be no one to care. For a while, he had done all those things, hoping the family would come back. But they never did. So Gurag let the dust build up. He let the spiders in. He let the roof leak, and let the rooms get cold even in summer. And then, when Gurag had long ago given up waiting, a car drove into the driveway. Footsteps approached. A key jiggled in the rusty lock. The door opened, letting in damp autumn air, and Gurag had a purpose once again. 

#

Nadine arrived at her new home with a rent-a-van full of boxes and a stress headache. It had taken all morning to get all her stuff loaded, followed by several hours of driving an unfamiliar vehical. She wasn't proud of some of the stuff she'd yelled at other drivers on the way here. Although she thought "cyst fucking shitbox" deserved points for creatity, at least. She just needed to get inside, figure out which box the instant coffee and kettle were packed in, and get her caffeine back up. 

The front garden was massively over grown, but it had a lot more character than the sterile front lawns to the left and right. The house itself was pretty nice, if a little run down. Yes, the paint was flaking off the wall, and yeah, the iron fillagry lining the front steps looked a little less high end covered in moss and birdshit, but it was a proper house, with wide windows, and even a chimney. Most importantly, it was dirt cheap, and a thousand times better than the shoeboxes she could afford to rent in the city. It was just a shame she was moving in alone. 

As explained in the email from the landlord, Nadine found the key under the old fairy statuette by the door. One of its little stone wings had in a chip in it, but a determined expression was still clearly visible under the grime. 

"Thanks for keeping that safe for me," Nadine murmered, taking the key and wiping the dirt off on her jeans. The first day of living alone was early to be talking to inanimate objects, but she

She let herself in, shoving the stiff door with her shoulder to get it to actually open. Inside was just as spacious as the pictures in the listing, high ceileings, wide streatches of hardwood flaws, fully furnished. She took a deep breath of musty air, and felt the tension in her jaw loosen. 

From there, unloading proceeded smoothly. Unlike the hasty scramble of packing, which included sharp conversations with her ex-fiance about who owned what, upacking involved bringing in the boxes, checking the label, and dumping them in the appropriate room. She stopped, as planned, when she got the box labelled "kitchen - appliances" and another labelled "kitchen - misc". "Kitchen - appliances" turned out to not actually include the kettle, but "kitchen - misc" ended up having everything she needed for a coffee, including a carton of long life milk she had forgotten buying.

The electricity was connected, the tap water looked clear, and the fridge, although ancient and smelly, appeared to be in working order. She made herself the long awaited coffee, took her jacket off, and got down to the real work. 

First, she unpacked the bathroom. Like the rest of the house, it hadn't been renovated in many, many years. But where most of the rooms gave off "quaint" and "tranditional" vibes, the bathroom just felt old. It was also pretty filthy. Old cobwebs hung from the ceiling covered in dust. The shower would need to be vaccummed before it was used to avoid clogging up the drain. The hideous blue and yellow tiles were beyond help. It had an old fashioned pullswitch to turn the light on. She tugged it, and the light clicked on, although it barely made a difference. Between the dim light and the dirt, she could hardly make out her own face in the mirror -- 

Nadine stopped, looking not at her face, but at the surface of the mirror. Written in the grime, as if with a finger, was the word "Hello" followed by a lobsided smiley face. Nadine rubbed her arms, which suddenly prickeled with goosebumps. Maybe she shouldn't have been so quick to discard her jacket. The message could have been there for ages, written by teenage trespassers or swuatters or something. Or maybe the landlord had written it? Nadine felt vaguely creeped out by the thought, even though as far as sleazy messages went, it was pretty mild. 

The landlord was a friend of a friend, a young guy who wanted a long term tennant for his family home, without the overhead of a renting agency. It was well below listing price, and Nadine's friend had assured her the landlord was "a good guy. Not a social butterfly, but not an asshole."  

She shook herself, and went back to unpacking. The potential creepiness of her new landlord was just one more addition to the list of shit she didn't feel like thinking about. 

Her big box of toilettries and makeup, which had seemed excessive when she packed them, look pathetically limited spread out between the drawers under the sink. She didn't have a bathmat, because the plush teal one at the old house had been her Ethan's. The matching towels had been his too, but he grateously gifted her one as she was leaving. Ass. He had been smug about it too, as if he were doing her a big favour. She hung it on the towel rack, and immediatly wished she'd wiped the rack down first. 

One thing she did have was a hairdrier -- she had spotted in the "kitchen - appliances box earlier." She fetched it and chuncked it in the lower draw, which filled in a bit more space. She'd probably find her hair straightener somewhere too, unless she had left it behind. Ethan would have to grow his goatee out so he could make use of it.  

More or less done, she looked around the bathroom, making sure everything was suitably arranged. The mirror, which she had been determinedly avoiding glancing at, drew her eyes once more. Suprisingly, her face was clearly now visible -- from the unbrushed hair shoved into a ponitail to the forhead wrinkles that she should have been too young for. She reached out and scrubed the surface with her finger. It squeaked, perfectly clean. 

Nadine closed her eyes and counted five deep breaths. When she looked again, the mirror was still clean. She backed slowly out of the bathroom and shut the door. She sat down on a box labelled 'dresses - long', and breathed some more. She had imagined a message in the mirror. She had been called 'crazy' a lot in the passed few months, and it had pissed her off. But what if Ethan had been right? What if she really was nuts? A whirlpool of doubt and regret churned in her mind. Maybe if she had listened when Ethan insisted she go to therapy, they would still be together. 

No. Break ups and moving were two of the most stressful things you could do, and stress made the brain do funny things. A single minor hallucination was absolutely nothing to worry about. She just need to take a short break, and then she'd be fine. 

She relocated from the box to the couch, which puffed out a cloud of dust when she sank into it, and used up some data watching cat videos. She quickly grew bored and searched for a book, which lead to unpacking the "knick knack" box to fill the empty spaces on the bookshelf. The box labeled "books" only had a small pile of cookbooks in it, and she belatedly remembered moving her manga collection to a separate box to divide the weight more evenly. She distinctly remembered giving that one a clear label ("books - sexy" because there was no point being shy when Ethan was disgusted by her anyway), but she couldn't find it anywhere. She even went back to the van to see if she'd missed unloading anything, but it was empty. She slapped a hand over her eyes and smooshed her face around. A moment of shamelessness was one thing, but her private collection left for her ex to peruse at his leisure? It was too embarressing for words. And she wouldn't even have the stories handsome men in scandelous situations to comfort her. 

Her clothes took the longest to unpack. Not just because of the amount, but because of the guilty feeling. 

